release notes for May 20 release (#315)
firebase/extensions: storage-resize-images/CHANGELOG.md

## Version 0.1.8

> fixed - fix bug where resized image did not keep orientation of original image (Issue #290

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fixed - Resized images now maintain the same orientation as the original image. (Issue #290)
```

fixed - release automation script for Github release (#302)
fixed - clear cache so that image names can be reused (Issue #286) (#297)

> fixed - switched ImageMagick for Sharp library (#207)

Reviewer: These two items are also listed in the previous release.  I think that we need some clarity about what exactly was changed to have the same fixes mentioned again.

Author: @laurenzlong can you provide more context here?

Reviewer 2: only the first line should be in this release.

Reviewer: When you say "first line"... do you mean that only the first bullet (the one about orientation) should be in this release?

Reviewer 2: yes.
